we have here and it is that the bun
has spoken
[Music] I'm
going to tell you the following gossip
are you
all subscribed to the channel by the way are you all subscribed to the channel life dancing and the subscribe button the documents has the ghost that takes me out in quiet rooms okay because I'm going to tell you some gossip that I don't know is that some very strange things happen to me on twitter it
turns out that I find a tweet
even with a tweet from the master carried
hesitating not in a super cool way not as an
advantage the stringer they have no arguments you don't
catch them the blue pond I don't know what
I wouldn't like to argue with someone from
the blue pond but the comments they
post are of such a level of ignorant that I have to
settle for blocking gosh
how annoying
now when I find this I
say let's see the
master master as if he were a bullfighter no
I offer you a live debate on my
channel without moderators and without editing
just our arguments
I imagine you will have no problem
doing it since your level is much higher
I await your response
and more  He answered today it puts me but I
understand that you mean that you are in
the charca he asked and I told him I do
not belong to any charca only to
mine but since you asked for a debate with
someone who has an opinion contrary to you
defense of Rocío Carrasco and attacks on
Rocío Flores I offered to debate on my
channel without scripts editions and in
rigorous direct
calm and just you and I with our
arguments and ccoo if it says already but if you
are not from the charca it is not worth
the lack of telling me is that if you do not
dye your hair color it is not worth it
but if you do not
shave it is not worth it as I defend the charca azul what you call the charca azul I am not from the marea azul because I am I am a fan of my only okay but in the aspect that you fight I defend the marea sur we could not say that in that part although
I am not from any marea
in that sense I am part of the marea
azul no
he knows about who we are now I am going to
explain why okay I admit whoever
disagrees
but  discrepancy of the pond is
another level that's why I said with someone from
the pond thanks come on you're screwed
come on the only one you dare is
posted there as a bully of a bully on your
twitter but in reality with a person
who has means and who has a channel no
and who has
arguments here that I think I have
enough there is no way I know how to defend myself and to
argue there is no
day you don't dare obviously
but the only reason why you don't
dare is because you know that I will leave you in
evidence in a second
or rather this is a sign
this what it shows is that you are not
so sure of what that truth defends
and you only do it so that they can
continue calling you on telecinco because if
not he won't call you
he knows who I am he knows who I am from
alice video me at the time
because I harass in a
disgustingly sexist and degrading way to the point of
degrading to the point of not being able to give way to harassment
every day putting 8 thousand tweets
calling her
with a bunch of insults and insulting her
for how she dressed he made a meme of a
pig with a thong  and he said that it was to be
known like
he knows very well that if he comes here
with me it
would be absurd, I mean if I
were him I wouldn't go up either, I mean if I
were him and I was defending something that
I myself don't believe in,
he's defending something that he
himself doesn't believe in, no, I know that I'm going to go up to
a place
where I have nothing to gain because I'm not
going to earn money that I do on Telecinco
and on top of that I'm going to be made to look ridiculous because I know
that they're going to give me arguments that I won't be
able to debate, do you
understand if I were him I wouldn't go
to make a fool of myself either, I go to Telecinco I
kiss his ass I say things and defend
things that I myself don't feel
but I suck up to them so they keep calling me
but here you have the proof, I mean if you
have
enough arguments to defend him, come
calmly and we'll have a debate while you
hear a chat, the funny one won't
visit every stranger thank you
very much thank you for that super
bye he went to the village thank you very much
sweetheart a huge kiss of
course if money doesn't dance the dog
look at me from here  teacher well now I
say it now I say it now I say it now I say it now I say it
okay now I say it
to the hate I have told the tuna so brave
and such that was asking to argue with
someone who was not ridiculous it was
all a pose to show you something
then of course not everything is pose and he makes me
clear of course of course and I put it to him don't
worry I understand that you are scared you
know that there are no arguments and that he
dismantled you in five minutes because there on
set you have your manipulated videos
directors what scriptwriter not a stage manager
Fernando who tells people to applaud
when something is said in favor of Rocío
Carrasco
and there looted teacher Ivan okay here he hasn't
answered me anymore
here he doesn't answer me mom and then I
found this tweet that he was
retweeting
and he writes me something that I
found very offensive okay
the blue pond can't differentiate
irony from serious proposals what a surprise
now it turns out that it was an irony family
now it turns out that it was an irony that he
wasn't proposing a serious debate
really and pay attention now  that he writes
okay pay attention to what he writes of course and
then four smart ones who try to
take advantage and since those from the ponds are
uneducated they get his money through their
YouTube channels and they think that I'm going to
give him play okay then from here I already
answered you on Twitter no but from
here I answer you again no teacher
that I try to take advantage of people
because I know that they are uneducated
teacher
that I try to take advantage of people
because I know that they are uneducated
teacher
that I try to take advantage of people
then ticket office for the daughter Iris was able to get has been
today I got a
bill for eight euros
but ok
now I'm going to do something you know
that I have helped you you know and I'm
going to continue helping you teacher the other
day it's not going to go to you without h the success that
survivor would have with the
collaborator
teachers never guess who's going to
win a reality show
teacher I'm
going to guess your future okay man
teacher what did you talk to me about
taking advantage of people talk to me
about taking advantage of people
record this clip record this click and
put it on twitter okay and we'll wait for it on
twitter
record this tweet and we'll pass it on to
twitter okay
record this tweet record this tweet that we're
going to do is to piss on twitter okay master
master so that you can see that I don't
want to take advantage of people and I don't
want a single euro that I earn in a debate
with you I propose something so that it does
n't come across as if you don't really
believe in what you're defending you're not
having arguments and you're just
flattering Telecinco so they keep
calling you okay just like when you
throw things out with very sexist insults
I challenge you to have a
rigorous debate live where we
only have our arguments
okay only arguments we talk about
your series about Rocío Carrasco and
we talk about the subject of the documentary about
Rocío Flores about Olga and Antonio David
and the things that you write about
them okay so that you can see that I don't
need to take advantage of anyone okay so that you can
see that I don't need to
take advantage of anyone
directly that we do all the views and
all the super chats and the monetization
that it generates we will donate it to you  to the
anabella association okay since
the donation that had to be
made with the profits from the broadcast
of the documentary about the tribute to rocio
jurado has not been fulfilled, I am going to give it to you okay teacher
you and I will have a debate where each of
us will simply politely present
our arguments okay since you are
sure that you are right and that
olga is a louse to rocio flores a
louse and you really believe you
believe rocio carrasco and you believe in the
documentary you and I live without
councilor fernando ordering the public to applaud
every time something is said in
favor of rocio carrasco without carlota
corredera censoring
different opinions without edited videos without
editions or anything rigorously live
you and I debating each one with
our arguments
and so that you can see
and so that you can see that in addition to not
having any intention of keeping any
money so that you can see that I
am also a better psychic than you, I am
going to guess the future and I think that you are not
going to get it right either I do not think that you are not going
to  accept either because you know very
well that you yourself do not believe Rocío
Carrasco that you do not believe absolutely
anything not of Sálvame or of La Fábrica de
la Tele or of the documentary that is
censored or that you are censored in La
Fábrica de la Tele and on Telecinco you do not
talk about the fact that she has surely
appeared in the case against La Fábrica
de la Tele for the Luxe operation and
that you are only supporting Rocío
Carrasco as Miguel
Frigenti recognized so that they call you more days of
television but that in reality they do not
think about it and you only know how to defend yourself
you take advantage of people who have no
arguments and who do not know how to speak okay but
the moment I challenge you to debate
here that you can gain fame and that we
can donate money to a good cause you do
not come
because you have no arguments because you
yourself do not believe in what you are saying
on twitter or on the dishes when you
face Rocío Flores
and you [ __ ] yourself because I am going to bring out here how much of a
harasser you were by
harassing her every day with a lot of
insults  Sexist people among them who
drew pictures of her as if she were a pig
in a thong, even messing with how she
dressed, and here we're not talking about
20 or 30 years ago like the videos they
show Antonio David, but we're
talking about 2019, to the 'maestro' kiss
[Music]